Okay. No problems.
All right, you can leave the hospital today.
By any chance,
this isn't because you want me to hurry up
and take that baggage with me, is it?
Well, there's that, too...
That Naruto.
He refuses to leave the hospital room
so he can be ready to start training at any moment...
Truthfully, I was going to start after kicking back.
I mean, recuperating at home for a few days.
But I've run out of books to read...
So I guess I'll just get right to the training.
That's right... Rasen!
All right! I win.
You have to treat me to a year's worth of Ichiraku Ramen.
Wake up, Idiot Naruto!
Ugly... Huh?!
Sakura...
Wind
Okay, time for some training.
What is it?
Well, it's been a long time since I've trained with you...
I don't really know why, but I'm glad...
I see.
Laugh it up while you can.
Time won't wait for us, so...
As I told you at the hospital,
the purpose of this training is to create a Ninjutsu
of ultimate power just for you.
A Jutsu that will exceed the Rasengan.
Two techniques, "Change in Chakra Nature"
and "Change in Chakra Form," are crucial for that...
Change in Chakra Form and Change in...Chakra Nature?
Okay, okay. You can't understand two things at once.
I was wrong. Sorry about that.
Then, first let's go with the explanation of Change in Chakra Form.
Right!
Try making a Rasengan.
Huh?
Sure.
Let's go!
Right!
Rasengan!
Okay, stop!
You've already mastered the Change in Chakra Form.
Your Rasengan has done that.
R-Rasengan...
Spinning Chakra like mad at a super-high speed
and then compressing it...
This in itself is the Change in Chakra Form
and the Rasengan is a Jutsu that has carried that to the extreme.
Then that means I've passed the Change in Chakra Form?
Yeah, that's about the size of it.
Yahoo!
Okay, next is the Change in Chakra Nature.
Right, right...
Let's see... Take Chidori for example...
This is a Jutsu activated by simultaneously creating
both the Change in Chakra Nature and Change in Chakra Form...
Watch this. I concentrate Chakra in my right hand...
I shift the property of this Chakra into electrical current.
So this is the Change in Chakra Nature...
That's right.
And now I shift the form so it will discharge electricity
and then I determine the range and strength of the attack.
In order to learn a Jutsu above that of the Rasengan,
this combination of the Change in Chakra Form
and Change in Chakra Nature
is absolutely necessary, like with the Chidori.
Then I'll be able to complete a new Jutsu in a flash
if I add that Change in Chakra Nature to my Rasengan!
Listen. That's easier said than done.
In the first place, you still haven't even learned Change in Chakra Nature.
And you don't even know what Chakra Property you have, right?
Huh?! What Chakra Property?
Well, I figured I'd have to start explaining from there...
Listen up.
Basically there are only five types of Chakra Properties.
The five types are fire, wind, water, lightning and earth.
These basic properties are the basis
for the names of the "Five Great Nations"
and they're also the foundations of all Ninjutsu.
No kidding. Really...?
Everyone generally has Chakra that falls under one of these properties.
For example, the Uchiha clan has the property of fire,
and Fire Style Jutsu is their strength.
Wind has the Wind Style. And lightning has the Lightning Style.
Chidori is one type of Lightning Style Jutsu.
So that means Sasuke has
the two properties of fire and lightning, huh...?
And you currently don't have any.
Moreover, we don't know what type of Chakra Property you're good at.
What's that?
I'll find that out with this strip of paper.
How're you going to do that...?
The paper gets wrinkled if it's a lightning property.
It'll get cut if it's wind.
It'll burn if it's fire.
It'll get wet if it's water.
It'll crumble if it's earth.
This is litmus paper that reacts easily to Chakra.
It's made from a special tree that grows while absorbing Chakra.
If you flow your Chakra into this paper,
you'll find out what property you have.
All right...
Your Chakra property is wind.
Wind...
It tears and cuts through all sorts of things.
It's Chakra with outstanding battle strength.
Ooh! I'm awesome!
No, you've still only just figured out your property...
Now at last, we've come to the training
for learning the Change in Chakra Nature for wind...
Right!
However, it will take an enormous amount of time to learn that technique.
And so I hit upon a way to drastically reduce that time.
Awesome!
And the way to do that is...
Captain Yamato!
Huh? Why, why?
Kakashi asked me to help out with this training.
I'm sorry for interrupting you, Kakashi Senpai...
No problem...
- And you see... - Hey! Hey!
What type of Change in Chakra Nature is your Wood Style, Captain Yamato?
Huh?
Well...
Well, his interest has shifted that way,
so just go ahead and tell him.
Uh-huh...
Then...
Earth Style: Rampart of Flowing Soil
Whoa! What?!
Water Style: Waterfall Basin Jutsu!
He made a waterfall...
I have two Chakra Properties, earth and water.
What?! You have two of them, Captain Yamato?!
Jonin-class Ninja generally have two or more.
I've also got properties other than lightning that I can use.
Then, Captain Yamato has
three properties including the Wood Style?
No, that isn't how it works.
Huh?
I can only use earth and water.
There is no fundamental property known as "wood" to begin with.
Then how do you do it?
He does it simultaneously.
He does the Change in Chakra Nature for earth and water at the same time
and generates the new wood property.
Earth with my right hand...
and water with my left hand.
That's awesome...
If you have two Chakra Properties...
it's not that difficult to use each one independently.
But when it comes to generating
two Change in Chakra Natures at the same time...
it's a different story...
The power to generate a new Chakra Property
by using two Change in Chakra Natures simultaneously
is called the Kekkei Genkai.
You've at least heard of that expression, haven't you?
Yeah...
That boy you once fought named Haku used it
He was able to use the Kekkei Genkai known as the Ice Style...
But he generated "ice" by using
the two Change in Chakra Natures of wind and water at the same time.
It's a special Jutsu
only those from a clan possessing the Kekkei Genkai can use.
Haku, too, huh...?
So I couldn't copy it even with my Sharingan...
No kidding...
Then what about Shikamaru's Shadow Possession Jutsu
or Choji's Expansion Jutsu?
And what about Medical Ninjutsu and Genjutsu?
Hmm, an explanation of that stuff would take a while
and you'll just get confused if I tell you all at once...
Kakashi Senpai...
Why don't you save the yin and yang of Change in Chakra Nature for another time?
Yin? And Yang? What's that?
Right.
You wouldn't understand even if I told you now.
Now, what were we talking about again?
Oh... Something about how to totally cheat on training time...
Reduce the time.
Yeah, that. So, how do we do that?
Well, you see...
Yeah? Yeah?
Multiple Shadow Clones.
Huh?
As it happens, it's all about Multiple Shadow Clones.
What about them?
It's how we reduce the training period.
Hmm...I don't get it at all.
Okay, I'll explain now, so listen up.
Right. Please keep it as simple as possible!
Okay, okay.
Listen up...
Regular Clones the Shadow Clone Jutsu is a Ninjutsu
Shadow Clones Shadow Clones
Well, you can also call it a Ninjutsu for creating a copy of yourself.
I know because I can also use the Shadow Clone Jutsu,
though not to your extent.
There is a particular effect this Jutsu has on the caster.
And since you're always using it, I'm sure you've picked up on this...
Anything experienced by the Shadow Clone
is also experienced by the caster
after the clone has returned to the caster's body.
I told you to keep it simple.
I knew you hadn't picked up on it.
I mean, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Then let's both try creating Shadow Clones.
Oh, one clone will be enough.
Right.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
All right! Now let's split up into caster and Shadow Clone teams...
The Shadow Clone team will hide in the woods over there.
Come with me, Shadow Clone Naruto.
Right!
The originals can't see us, the Shadow Clone team,
here in the woods.
And now only we, will play rock-paper-scissors.
What for?
Just do it.
Hold it.
It won't be any fun if we just play ordinary rock-paper-scissors.
It's not supposed to be fun.
Then the one who loses has to treat the other to Ichiraku Ramen.
Okay, fine.
Yes! Now I'm fired up!
One, two...
What're the Shadow Clones doing?
You'll find out soon.
Yes!
I won! You have to treat me, Kakashi Sensei!
Okay, okay. Now we're going to break the Jutsu and vanish.
Right.
What were they doing?
You have to treat me to Ichiraku Ramen, Kakashi Sensei!
I beat you at rock-paper-scissors!
What're you doing arbitrarily making promises like that?
Now you get it, right?
Shadow Clone experiences
are accumulated within the original caster's body.
I get it...
I never realized it at all because I was just sort of using
the Shadow Clones without really thinking about it.
Normally, this Jutsu is used for scouting dangerous locations
and gathering information by infiltrating an enemy hideout, you see.
But even having figured that out,
what does it have to do with reducing the training period?
Okay, okay. I'm going to explain that now... Yes!
Master Jiraiya sure did a good job of teaching the Rasengan Jutsu to this kid...
I'll say.
Hurry! Hurry!
Basically, if you use a Shadow Clone
and conduct the same training with two people,
the experience will simply be doubled, right?
Right. Right.
To put it a different way, it also means, if you use two people,
it'll take half the time it takes to train alone.
And it'll take one-third the time if you use three.
One-third with three.
One-thousandth with a thousand.
I see...
In other words, training that would take two days alone
will take one day with two people.
Even training that would take twenty years alone
will take around a week with a thousand people.
That's awesome! So we can do it that way!
He finally got it, huh...?
You'll conduct the Change in Chakra Nature training,
you're going to learn now,
using the Multiple Shadow Clones at all times.
Right!
Now I know why you're so strong, Kakashi Sensei!
So this is how you did your training, huh?
No, I've never even once trained using this approach.
Huh?! Why not?
You can also make Shadow Clones, can't you?
Indeed I can...
But I don't have as much Chakra as you do.
And I can't sustain my Shadow Clones as long, either.
And the only types of Jutsu suitable for me,
since I don't have much Chakra,
are the ones requiring an even distribution of Chakra.
Really? I have more Chakra than you, Kakashi Sensei?
You've got around four times more than me.
Huh?! I've got that much?! I'm pretty awesome, aren't I?!
If you didn't suppress the power of the Nine-Tails Chakra,
you'd have around a hundred times more.
The Nine-Tails Chakra...
That's why this is a training approach only you can do.
But since it requires a large amount of Chakra,
there's a possibility of rousing the Nine-Tails Chakra.
And so I was summoned here in order to control the Nine-Tails Chakra.
You're the one who hurt Sakura, Naruto.
I'm ready!
All right! First you must train to strengthen your Chakra Property.
Right!
Sandwich a leaf between your palms and cut it just with Chakra.
Keep it there until you cut it right in half, okay?
All right! Let's do this!
And as I said before,
you'll do this training with Shadow Clones at all times.
How many Clones should I make?
Well, if you take one person for one leaf...
Maybe around that many.
Huh?!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Already got a little cut in, huh?
This might be quicker than I thought.
We've received a bad report.
It seems a village near the border of the Land of Fire
was attacked by someone.
Was it the Akatsuki?
No. It seems the attacks were by the Village Hidden in the Rain...
What did you say? What're their intentions?
They might be intending to take advantage
of the fact that the Akatsuki are after Naruto.
Either way, we must understand the situation first.
Summon Asuma.
But... What is it?
Naruto is in the village.
If there are less Jonin in the village, his safety will come into question...
Next time: "Writhe"